blog post for run on login (#1042)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/run-on-login/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'
title: Automatically start PWAs on OS Login
subhead: |
  Installed PWAs can now be configured to run on login.
authors:
  - ajara
date: 2021-07-29
description: |
   Many operating systems offer the ability to launch applications automatically when the user logs in. This ability is now available for installed web applications.
hero: image/SeARmcA1EicLXagFnVOe0ou9cqK2/e5ATqM7ge5Y3Sxdqf1T8.jpg
alt: Laptop, coffee, and stationary tools on desk.
---
Run on login gives the user the ability to choose which applications start
automatically when they first log into their computer. This ability has been
available in many operating systems for a long time, but was reserved for
platform specific applications. Now it is available for installed web applications too.

## Save users time

Users want to automatically run a set of applications they always use. A
typical example is high-engagement applications like email clients, chat apps,
monitoring dashboards, and real-time data display apps, to name just a few.

> Auto-starting these apps at login streamlines the user experience by avoiding
> having to find these apps to launch in menus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-starting these apps at login streamlines the user experience by saving
users from having to find these apps to launch in menus.
```

Reviewer: Grammatically, the two parts of the sentence are structured as though they refer to the same actor. This change corrects that.
